Before we move on let's take a look at what we've done in this section and this was a very long section.
I know but we learned a lot about our ideas and how to work with our.
Yes.
So in this section we first set up our project with PI charme ID.
We created our project.
We set our Python interpreter and everything and then we configured and launched on our D.S. Pasqua
sequel instance.
And to do that we had to create a security group and if we used the easy two way or the BPC way of the
subnets we we first have to provide the sublets and the PC IDs for that security group.
And the purpose the way that we do this was because we had to allow incoming connections to our RLDS
instances.
And in case this is going to be a private TV you may choose to not provide any incoming connections
to your RLDS instance.
And after that we checked out the Aria's instance that we launched on AWOS console and then we learn
how we could describe our audience instance with API calls and then we modified our master user password
and verified it while trying to log into our DV instance with pos Tiko client.
And then we added tax of course we added tax when we launch our RLDS instance in the first place and
we learn how to take a back up or take a snapshot of our D.S. instance and then we simply restore that
instance.
And then finally we deleted our RLDS instance altogether from AWOS and I believe this was a very great
we're hands on section and on all of the calls about is hand-sewn actually.
So I believe you learned a lot about our ideas and how you can get up to two lounging production great
ideas instances with this knowledge.
So I'll be seeing you on the next section.